Make ignored users in User Operator configurable (#11711)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/deploying/proc-deploy-user-operator-standalone.adoc

The default is `true`.
<18> (Optional) Semi-colon separated list of Cron Expressions defining the maintenance time windows during which the expiring user certificates will be renewed.
<19> (Optional) Configuration options for configuring the Kafka Admin client used by the User Operator in the properties format.
<20> (Optional) Regular expression to configure users for which any existing ACLs, Quotas and SCRAM-SHa credentials will be ignored.

> This option is useful when you want to configure the User Operator to ignore users that are managed through some other mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is useful when you want to configure the User Operator to ignore users that are managed through another mechanism.
```
